Previously on
"Yu‐Gi‐Oh! Arc‐V"...
Lulu!
Shay!
Finally, I found you.
I'm so happy to see you.
We gotta get outta here,
like right now!
I just saw Kite
and he was acting all crazy!
There's something
wrong with him.
There's nothing wrong with me.
It's The Professor, Shay‐‐
he brainwashed your sister.
She's dangerous!
Now, Lulu, attack.
(chuckling)
Lulu, what are you...
Let me go!
I hopped through dimensions
to find you.
And I'm not leaving
empty handed.
(both)
Let's duel!
Dueling Yuya taught me
what dueling's about.
It's not about winning,
it's about making friends.
Like how Saya wanted
to become friends with you
by giving you her card.
So, if there's any card
that can reach your heart,
this'll be it!
(giggles)
I Xyz Summon!
Raidraptor Stranger Falcon!
I can't move!
I won't let you!
(straining)
(screaming)
There they are.
Easy pickings!
If you're looking a duel,
you got one.
(all)
Duel!
Here goes‐‐
(computer)
Intrusion penalty...
Huh?
2,000 life points.
(growling)
♪♪♪
♪♪ Hey hey,
can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪♪ Swing into action,
are you ready to play? ♪
♪♪ Challenge anyone, anywhere,
any day ♪
♪♪ You wanna take a chance,
go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪♪ See if it's in your cards,
if you'll pay the price ♪
♪♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪♪ It's showtime,
who will win the fight? ♪
♪♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪♪♪
(Emma and Jacob singing)
Sylvio, did you see who turned
those two into cards?
No, no clue.
Whoever did this,
come out and face us!
(chuckling)
Pathetic, absolutely pathetic.
It seems that even my most
highly‐trained students
are no match
for what's out there.
Hope he doesn't
send me next!
I hope he does so he doesn't
send me instead!
Wait, could this be the...
Battle Beast?
Oh, come on, the Battle Beast
is just a rumor.
(girl)
Yeah, but some rumors are true.
What if the Beast is real?
And on the prowl?
I don't know what's out there
in that jungle, Gong,
but I do know this much‐‐
it's hunting us.
Indeed, all of us.
This thing, it seems,
duels only for itself.
Hmm.
We gotta find
Crow and Sylvio.
Together, we're stronger.
Agreed.
But in this thick jungle field,
finding them is much easier
said then done.
In that case, what do you say
we get a bird's eye view?
Now, Crow, don't worry
if you mess up this turn.
'Cause then I'll be up,
and you know how I do.
The great Sylvio
will figure out a way
to turn this predator into prey
just like that!
(thinking) Sylvio
doesn't have a clue
how dangerous things are
right now.
The only way
to save him from himself
is to take him
out of action!
I now wage...
a direct attack on Sylvio!
On me?!
Aah!
(roars)
(grunts)
Crow!
What was that?
I'm on your side, remember?
Next, I'll play a face‐down
and then end my turn.
Hello?!
I'm talking to you here!
What's your deal?
(computer)
Duel Disk damaged.
No longer able to duel.
Say what?
No longer able to duel?
Did you kick me out
of the duel on purpose?
There's no use in both of us
sticking our necks out.
I'll take things from here.
(roaring)
Hm?
I activate my trap card!
Blackwing Last Will!
(explosion)
We may be too late!
(groaning)
Huh?
(sputtering)
Where's Crow? Huh?
I've been beat.
But was I able
to beat him, too?
(sighing)
Huh, guess that's a no.
Still, I got you
out of the shadows.
And what exactly
is that thing?
(all gasp)
No way, it's really him.
The Beast!
Huh?
He's real?
(thinking)
A real pain in the neck
is what he is,
'cause he don't care
if he takes down
one of my students
or one of them Lancers.
What are you all
slack‐jawed for?
Yeah, he's real.
I should know,
I trained him myself!
He's BB, the Battle Beast!
(Sanders)
This guy is bad news.
Well, that's the understatement
of the day.
Hey, Crow!
Yuya!
(roaring)
(screaming)
(snarling)
(straining)
Crow!
This jungle boy's
all yours, Yuya!
Crow!
Nooo!
Crowwww!
(Crow thinking)
I guess I won't be seeing
those jackals anymore.
Sorry, kids.
(snarling)
Crowww!
(whimpering)
He did not deserve that.
(roaring)
No!
It could have easily been me
sealed in this card!
But you saved me, Crow.
You saved me.
(growling)
Finally, a face
to go with the growl.
Gong reckons this guy
needs some taming!
(growling)
Why'd you do it?!
Me like to hunt.
And you two up next!
Bring it on, nature boy!
That's right!
We're not going nowhere!
Yeah, we need to K‐O
this BB, A‐S‐A‐P!
(electricity buzzing)
Huh?
I forgot my duel disk is kaput!
No worries, Sylvio,
we got this.
What we do now,
we do for Crow!
(all)
Let's duel!
From hand, me now play
Gladiator Beast Laquari, ah!
(roaring)
Of all the duelists
I've trained, BB was the best,
and the most disappointing.
He loved to battle so much,
he'd take on enemies
and allies alike!
A true wild child that simply
could not be controlled!
BB's a savage like no other.
I disciplined him
over and over.
But with every punishment,
he became more primal!
Now he duels
like a crazed animal,
with no fear, no mercy!
At least that's one
good thing about him!
So, when you bunch
of baby‐faced brats
face your foes, you better
show no mercy either,
or you have no place
in my squadron!
(all)
Right!
Me now play face‐downs.
BB's turn now over!
My draw!
And I won't waste time getting
into the swing of things!
I'm setting the Pendulum Scale
with Scale 6
Performapal Shieldrummer
and Scale 8 Performapal
Odd‐Eyes Unicorn!
Now I can summon as many
Level 7 monsters as I want!
Swing far, Pendulum!
Carve the arc
of victory!
My monsters are ready
to swing into action!
Turn up the heat,
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
(roaring)
That monster no scare me.
Is that so?
Well, let's see
if you still think that
after you see this attack!
Go!
Take down Laquari!
Me now play trap,
Gladiator Beast Medallion!
Gladiator Beasts on field
no can be destroyed.
Not ever!
But damage me take
become double.
Gladiator Beast swap out
with another Gladiator Beast
from my deck after battle.
So come out to play now,
Gladiator Beast Secutor!
(roaring)
(thinking)
Man!
He can swap Gladiator Beasts
in and out.
That's incredible!
But still, his new monster
only has 300 defense points.
It doesn't seem
like it's worth it
taking double the damage
for that.
If I don't figure out
what he's up to soon,
then we're in
big trouble.
Gong, let's do this!
Gong draws!
Just like Yuya, Gong will
now set the Pendulum Scale,
with Scale 1
Superheavy Samurai General Jade
and Scale 8 Superheavy Samurai
General Coral!
Now, Gong can summon
as many monsters as Gong wants
between Level 2 and 7!
And here they come!
First up,
Gong will play...
The Tuner Monster
Superheavy Samurai Battleball!
Then, Superheavy Samurai
Soulfire Suit!
Next, Superheavy
Samurai Prepped Defense!
(student)
Whoa!
Three monsters
just like that?
Huh...
And now, Gong's Battleball
will tune with Soulfire Suit
and with Prepped Defense
to make the superheaviest
samurai of 'em all!
Gong Synchro Summons
Superheavy Samurai
Stealth Ninja!
Hey Gong, be careful.
I think BB's up
to something bad,
I just don't know what
that bad is yet.
Well, Yuya, Gong don't like
to be kept in the dark,
so Gong's gonna find out,
because Superheavy Samurai
Stealth Ninja can attack him
even while it's in
defense mode.
Me not worried.
Go ahead and attack
Gladiator Beast,
'cause Gladiator
Beast Medallion prevents you
from being able to destroy
Gladiator monster.
Who said Gong
was attacking your monster?
By cutting Gong's
Ninja attack points in half,
it can attack you directly.
What a move!
Way to maneuver around
BB's roadblock, Gong!
Me now using second trap!
Gladiator Beast Valor, activate!
Your Superheavy Samurai
Stealth Ninja now forced
to attack my Gladiator Beast
instead of me!
Say what?
And you still
can't destroy my monster!
(growls)
Gong's not pleased
he couldn't deal him
any damage!
Gong thought he had him.
How utterly pathetic.
Those weak moves won't work
against the battle‐tested
techniques of my Battle Beast.
You thought you were going
to hurt me,
but with attack, you put
yourself in worse position.
Since Gladiator Beast
Secutor battled,
me allowed to summon two more
Gladiator Beasts from deck.
Gladiator Beast Augustus!
And Gladiator Beast Murmillo!
One Gladiator Beast
was tough enough,
but now Beast has three?
And Augustus' special ability
lets me summon another
Gladiator Beast from hand.
Uh oh,
another Gladiator Beast?
Me now summon second Murmillo
to field!
(shrieks)
(snarls)
And by summoning
Gladiator Beast Murmillo,
its special ability destroy
one of your monsters.
Monster me want
to destroy is... Odd‐Eyes!
Me like when monster
go kaboom,
but me like this
much, much more!
Me activates trap card
Thumbs Down!
Your card go poof,
squish your points down 500.
(screaming)
Second Murmillo,
destroy Gong Ninja.
And just like partner,
your life points squished down!
(grunting)
Ah, if only my Duel Disk
wasn't broken.
I'd turn this whole duel
around in a jiffy.
Hmph, Gong wanted
to find out BB's strategy,
but now Gong super sorry
he actually found out.
Gong ends his turn.
But one good thing.
When a special ability goes
and destroys my Stealth Ninja,
Gong can resummon it
from the graveyard!
Gladiator Murmillo
go bye‐bye, return to deck.
You lost your Odd‐Eyes.
Gong'll make it up to you.
No sweat!
We're still in this.
And now,
me turn to draw!
Me can return three cards
to deck
to Fusion Summon
with no using Polymerization.
What?
Like supreme predator,
me done it again‐‐
snuck up
and caught you unaware!
You suffer for it now!
Me fuse Gladiator Beast
Augustor, Murmillo and Secutor
to make predator.
Me Fusion Summon
Gladiator Beast Andabata!
(roars)
When Andabata is summoned,
me is allowed to summon
another Fusion Monster.
Me choose Gladiator Beast
Gyzarus!
(roars)
(snarls)
Two cards on field go kaplooey!
Me like when Gyzarus shoot
laser blasts and destroy.
(gasps)
Now, say goodbye
to Stealth Ninja
and Shieldrummer!
(laughing)
Thumbs Down now shock
with 500 damage points
for each monster destroyed.
Not only do we have a mess
of Gladiator Beasts
that we have
to deal with, Gong,
his combo is wrecking
our life points too.
If they don't figure out
a way to break his combo,
it's game over for good!
You no stand chance
against me!
Who will me pick to attack?
(thinking)
Man, the only way
out of this mess
is to get an Action Card.
(gasps)
But Gong can't get one 'cause
his Heavystrong dueling
style
won't let him
take a step.
So, I need BB
to focus on me!
Hey, Wild Kingdom,
why'd they let you out
of the zoo, good behavior?
Chill, Yuya!
Yeah, don't rattle
this guy's cage!
I pick Gyzarus attacks you!
Aaah!
(grunts)
Man, that Action Card
might have changed
this whole duel
had Yuya grabbed it.
And he was so close too,
but now it's too late.
Oh, no.
Poor Yuya.
Me not done yet.
Gyzarus returns
to Extra Deck,
and Andabata gains
its attack points!
So, now it has
3,400 attack points?
Not good.
That's enough attack points
to defeat either
Yuya or Gong!
Who do me take down?
(roars)
Look out!
Huh, you make second go
for that Action Card?
Fine, me finish you first!
Attack!
(gasping)
(roars)
(gasps)
(grunts)
Gong's got your back, Yuya!
Gong activates
the Action Spell Benkei Guard
to summon a Benkei Token.
And your monster
is forced to attack
this indestructible Token
instead of Yuya!
Oh no! Gong!
I must be dreaming.
Gong actually moved
in a duel!
I can't believe it.
You gave up your Heavystrong
style of dueling
to save me.
And Gong wouldn't have it
any other way, Yuya.
Don't you worry
about Gong, old friend.
Gong owes you for all the times
you've saved Gong's hide.
Just now you think
you help friend out?
You only make things badder!
Andabata return to Deck,
and two new Gladiator Beasts
show up in place.
These...
Gladiator Beast Murmillo
and Bestiari!
Yuya think life points
all safe from the hunt
because Token can't
be destroyed in battle.
But Token not safe
from special ability.
Special abilities
can't destroy it either!
Face it, BB,
Yuya is no longer in season
for you to hunt!
From here on out,
Gong's your prey!
You always got my back.
(laughing)
Me like good laugh!
There are other ways
me get to Yuya!
Bestiari ability
destroy Odd‐Eyes Unicorn!
And when your card goes boom,
Thumbs Down cause life points
to go boom too!
Things not look good
for you, Yuya!
Aaah!
(grunts)
BB, pick on somebody
your own size, ya mangy mutt!
(growling)
Me no take order from anyone!
Me can return Bestiari
and Murmillo to deck
to fuse together!
Me now bring back
bestest Gladiator Beast!
Me Fusion Summon
Gladiator Beast Gyzarus!
Gyzarus, destroy Gong
two Pendulum monsters.
Oh no, Gong!
No, not his monsters!
(gasps)
Because of Thumbs Down
trap card,
life points get to go away.
So, Gong now gonna go
goodbye to duel!
Aah!
It can't be!
Gong! Oh no!
Yuya, Gong knows
you will win
and save us all.
(groaning)
You will make good card.
No, don't do it!
(grunting)